---
title: blog 2 y8
layout: post
author: benjamin.sankey
permalink: /blog-2-y8/
source-id: 17LWNrT23F1Sm1FrZwsQsLPHItIWb4CmLSrJO0G2gSlA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 2 y8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Getting to know Rasberry pies.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Mange to get a raspberry pie working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>No, and you will soon see why!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When I couldn't get my raspberry pie working I tried all of the different techniques to getting it to work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was independent and that nothing was working to get the pies to work, so I used my initiative and told mr keen my dialema.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back upon that lesson it was a good thing that I did because quite a few of my peers pies were also not working due to an unknown error through no fault of ours.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was engaged from the start but when we started looking at the 
Python task that we were given once our teacher concluded that the pies were faulty.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time in my learning I could think I will make sure I try every method I could before telling my teacher that my raspberry pie wasn’t working because you never know, but there could have been a solution that I could have done to make the task work.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time in my homework I could push myself and go the extra mile that I don’t need to do and do extra homework.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


